**This branch includes the Python implementation of directed transfer function (DTF). Major library includes: Numpy, Panda and Statsmodel**. 

DTF is a frequency-domain directed (effective) connectivity metric for brain signal analysis and functional network modeling. It is based on multi variable autoregressive model (MVAR) over frequency band (e.g., 10-30Hz). Introduction can be found in:

**M. Kamiński and K.J. Blinowska, "A new method of the description of the information flow in the brain structures", Biol. Cybern. 65, 1991, pp 203-210.**
**A. Korzeniewska, M. Mańczak, M. Kamiński, K.J. Blinowska, S. Kasicki, "Determination of information flow direction among brain structures by a modified directed transfer function (dDTF) method", J. Neurosci. Methods 125 (1–2) (2003)
pp 195–207.**

For illustration purpose, there are 20 signal channels (i.e., SEEG contact points), the model order K is chosen 10, and frequency band is $$\beta$$ [13,30]Hz. Hence, the output is 20 by 20 DTF matrix over beta band.

To enhance the statistical robustness of DTF estimation, **surrogate data analysis** can be added into each windowed frame (2-second chosen in our work). Surrogate data follows the idea of bootstrap, which is to reshuffle the original data in time domain (i.e., permutation) or frequency domain (i.e., phase shuffle) multiple times and re-estimate the DTF values. Assuming the DTF correlation is spurious, i.e., generated by random factors, values of each surrogate will formalize a normal-distribution. On the other hand, if the DTF value is significant, it will fall beyond the significance threshold (i.e., $$p < 0.01$$). The following paper is suggested:

**C. Wilke, W. van Drogelen, M. Kohrman and B.He, "Neocortical seizure foci locatlization by means of a directed transfer fuction method", Epilepsia, 51(4), 564-572, 2010.**

All SEEG-related information is anonymous and deidentified due to IRB regulation of UT Dallas and UTSW.
